Improve list comprehension (#1977)
pyccel/pyccel: CHANGELOG.md

-   #1892 : Fix implementation of list function when an iterable is passed as parameter.
-   #1924 : Fix internal error arising in Duplicate or list comprehensions.
-   #1970 : Fix missing `TypeError` for wrong type passed as optional argument.

> -   #1297 : Fix iteration over an enum, map or zip in a functional for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   #1297 : Fix iteration over an enum, map or zip in a list comprehension.
```
Functional for is Pyccel terminology

Author: Done [03b6f4a](https://github.com/pyccel/pyccel/pull/1977/commits/03b6f4ae39a811bf68b7f5a66e9f9a6b4524171a)
